hey guys it's dave from computing
forever.com first up in this week's tech
news is the fact that Apple's new 5th
gen ipod touch and 7th gen ipod nano are
now available in stores and online the
Nano features a 2.5 inch display at a
resolution of 240 x 4 32 at 202 pixels
per inch and comes with 16 gigabytes of
storage the price is 169 euros the touch
offers 32 gigabyte and 64 gigabyte
storage options and comes with a new
handy wrist strap and a taller 4-inch
Retina display the device also features
an a5 processor pricing starts from 329
euros moving on acer are due to launch
their new iconia w510 tablet on november
9th for five hundred dollars the tablet
is one of a few windows 8-powered
Slade's to make use of an intel atom cpu
as opposed to an Ivy Bridge chipset the
device sports a 10.1 inch display with 2
gigabytes of ram 64 gigabytes of SSD
microsd hdmi and USB to the w510 s
battery will provide 9 hours of run time
but when attached to its one hundred and
fifty dollar dock keyboard will run for
an additional nine hours next up is a
disturbing story that provides further
proof that patent lawsuits are stifling
innovation and killing competition a
report issued by the New York Times
reveals that many large companies have
threatened small startups with legal
action an extensive patent portfolios
best-case scenario these small companies
get bought out worst case scenario they
get taken to the cleaners the truly
alarming discovery from this article was
that last year Apple and Google spent
more money in the courtroom that they
did on research and development although
I'm not surprised at hearing such things
my skin continues to crawl nonetheless
as techspot calm pointed out in 2011
Apple spent 3 billion on R&D and they
intend to spend less than 4 billion in
2012 this figure is significantly less
than any of their major rivals in the
technology industry this strategy
strikes me as a really short-sighted one
eventually the Apple bubble will
probably burst and when it does serious
questions will have to be asked about
the stagnation in there once great
creative culture how much longer can
they sustain this drip-feed approach to
their product
grades one thing is for sure consumers
will soon tire of having less choice in
the market thanks to the restrictions
that broad and vague patents place on
competition something has got to give
and finally Samsung looks set to expand
their galaxy s3 line with a new smaller
mini version of their popular Android
handset the galaxy s3 mini could be
announced very soon with a 1 gigahertz
dual-core ste cpu 1 gig of ram 16
gigabytes of internal storage and a
smaller 4-inch display which would
create further competition to the iphone
5 rumors also suggest it'll bare
bluetooth for HSPA and NFC technology
android 4.1 jelly bean is expected to
come pre-installed that's it for now
guys looking forward to your comments as
always be sure to hit that like button
and you can follow me on twitter at lack
78 and computing forever can be found
over on facebook and i will see you
later in the week for more tech stories
thanks for watching bye bye